[WIP] EKS access entry and policy association changes (#35037)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/eks_access_policy_association.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "EKS (Elastic Kubernetes)"
layout: "aws"

> page_title: "AWS: aws_eks_access_policy_associattion"

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
page_title: "AWS: aws_eks_access_policy_association"
```

---
subcategory: "EKS (Elastic Kubernetes)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_eks_access_policy_associattion"
description: |-

>   Access Entry Policy Association for the EKS Cluster.
> ---
> 
> # Resource: aws_eks_access_policy_association
> 
> Access Entry Policy Association for the EKS Cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Access Entry Policy Association for an EKS Cluster.
---

# Resource: aws_eks_access_policy_association

Access Entry Policy Association for an EKS Cluster.
```

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_eks_access_policy_association" "example" {
  cluster_name     = aws_eks_cluster.example.name

>   policy_arn       = aws.iam_role.policy.arn

Reviewer 3: typo

>   policy_arn       = aws.iam_role.policy.arn

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  policy_arn       = "arn:aws:eks::aws:cluster-access-policy/AmazonEKSViewPolicy"
```

>   principal_arn    = aws_iam_role.example.arn

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  principal_arn    = aws_iam_user.example.arn
```

  access_scope = {
    type       = "namespace"
    namespaces = ["example-namespace]
  }
  
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `cluster_name` – (Required) Name of the EKS Cluster. Must be between 1-100 characters in length. Must begin with an alphanumeric character, and must only contain alphanumeric characters, dashes and underscores (`^[0-9A-Za-z][A-Za-z0-9\-_]+$`).

> * `policy_arn` – (Required) The IAM Policy ARN which is the fine grained access allowed for access.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `policy_arn` – (Required) The ARN of the access policy that you're associating.
```
